Logging solution replacement for oklog with grafana/loki (#2514)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/logging/docs/03-01-access-loki.md

---

> title: Access Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Access logs
```

> title: Access logs

Reviewer: The title of the doc is `access-loki`, and the heading is about accessing logs - I was thinking that maybe we should change the name to `03-01-access-logs.md` since it's not about accessing Loki as the log management system, but just about checking the logs.

Author: you're right

type: Details
---

To access the logs, follow these steps:

1. Run the following command to configure port forwarding:
```bash
kubectl port-forward -n kyma-system svc/logging-loki 3100:3100
```

> 2. To get first 1000 lines of logs for components showing errors in the 'kyma-system' Namespace run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To get first 1000 lines of error logs for components in the 'kyma-system' Namespace, run the following command:
```

> 2. To get first 1000 line of logs for the components in namespace 'kyma-system' with search term 'Error' run following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To get first 1000 lines of logs for components showing errors in the 'kyma-system' Namespace run the following command:
```

```bash
curl -X GET 'http://localhost:3100/api/prom/query' -d 'query={namespace="kyma-system"}' -d 'regexp=Error' -d 'limit=1000'
```

> For further information, see the [Loki API documentation]('https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/master/docs/api.md')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information, see the [Loki API documentation](https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/master/docs/api.md).
```
